Son, remember
today
You are the heir to Story Corporation
Start today.
No one can bully our mother and son anymore
Call everyone over today
I want to announce
The heir to our story group
I would also like to introduce to you
My wife and son.
Linsalin Yoyo
How could this be?
It's all wrong. It's all wrong.
No, the stone is your son, and you are stubborn
Bring people with you
Take it easy
Let go of me!
Dad?
Know dad
You already found out, didn't you?
You deliberately tricked me into coming here to Zhang Ting
You switch DNA without permission.
embezzlement
Instigating others to commit crimes
The lower body is well in prison
I was wrong.
Li Can
Li Can, help me beg to marry Li Can
I don't want to go to jail.
You say when you were a child
I saved you when I was a kid
Is it Zhang Ting?
You really want to save me?
Or do you think I'm dead?
The hairpin on my head is yours
Sasa
We have been friends for so many years
And you know
I do it all for the stone
Everyone is a mother
You will understand my stone
I think you are all for yourself
If you really do it for the children
You'll let him have a criminal mother
You are selfish
Yes, you stole my hairpin when you were a child
When I grew up, I stole my identity
rob you
Is it wrong for me to rob you?
Obviously everyone is pregnant out of wedlock
Why are you pregnant with a rich man's child?
I'm carrying the seed of the poor.